Document Update (#27695)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

Default value is `false`.

> Controls whether use or not to use Zipkin's span propagation format (with `x-b3-` HTTP headers). By default, Jaeger's format is used.

Reviewer: Please remove this change, the original wording is correct English.

### disable_sanitize_html

> If set to true Grafana will allow script tags in text panels. Not recommended as it enable XSS vulnerabilities. Default is false. These settings was introduced in Grafana v6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to true Grafana will allow script tags in text panels. Not recommended as it enables XSS vulnerabilities. Default is false. This setting was introduced in Grafana v6.0.
```

### rendering_clustering_max_concurrency

> When rendering_mode = clustered you can define maximum number of browser instances/incognito pages that can execute concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When rendering_mode = clustered you can define the maximum number of browser instances/incognito pages that can execute concurrently.
```

### default_timezone

> Used as the default time zone for user preferences. Can be either `browser` for the browser local time zone or a time zone name from the IANA Time Zone database, such as `UTC` or `Europe/Amsterdam`.

Reviewer: What's the change here? Can't tell from the diff.

Author: There is no changes. 
The difference can be seen in the format "Display the rich diff", actually we make changes in "Display the source diff"

Reviewer: Very strange that the GitHub diff shows these blocks as differing, since when I check locally there is no diff.
